Introduce hashicorp/go-metrics compatibility to the SDK module (#29358)
hashicorp/vault: sdk/README.md

For any major changes we will try to give advance notice in the CHANGES section
of Vault's CHANGELOG.md.

## Metrics Emission and Compatibility

This module can emit metrics using either `github.com/armon/go-metrics` or `github.com/hashicorp/go-metrics`. Choosing between the libraries is controlled via build tags. 

**Build Tags**
* `armonmetrics` - Using this tag will cause metrics to be routed to `armon/go-metrics`
* `hashicorpmetrics` - Using this tag will cause all metrics to be routed to `hashicorp/go-metrics`

If no build tag is specified, the default behavior is to use `armon/go-metrics`. 

**Deprecating `armon/go-metrics`**

Emitting metrics to `armon/go-metrics` is officially deprecated. Usage of `armon/go-metrics` will remain the default until mid-2025 with opt-in support continuing to the end of 2025.

**Migration**
To migrate an application currently using the older `armon/go-metrics` to instead use `hashicorp/go-metrics` the following should be done.

> 1. Upgrade libraries using `armon/go-metrics` to consume `hashicorp/go-metrics/compat` instead. This should involve only changing import statements. All repositories in the `hashicorp` namespace

Reviewer: This sentence was incomplete, was that a copy-paste issue?

Author: Yep, it was a copy-pasting issue that should not be fixed.

> 2. Update an applications library dependencies to those that have the compatibility layer configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update the application's library dependencies to those that have the compatibility layer configured.
```

3. Update the application to use `hashicorp/go-metrics` for configuring metrics export instead of `armon/go-metrics`

>    * Replace all application imports of `github.com/armon/go-metrics` with `github.com/hashicorp/go-metrics`

Reviewer: But didn't we get them to change all the imports in the first step to `hashicorp/go-metrics/compat`?

Author: Exactly. Libraries get upgraded to use the compat package and then the main application will get upgraded to use hashicorp/go-metrics directly.

There are some exceptions to this. For Nomad it is pretty common for other repos to import Nomads root module so for that one, Nomad's root module was upgraded to also use the compat package.
